Add default dimensions and prefix (#12)
dynatrace-oss/opentelemetry-metric-java: README.md

The scope required for sending metrics is the `Ingest metrics` scope in the **API v2** section:

![API token creation](docs/img/api_token.png)

#### Metric Key Prefix

> The `setPrefix` method of the builder specifies an optional prefix, which is prepended metric key, separated by a dot (`<prefix>.<namespace>.<name>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `setPrefix` method of the builder specifies an optional prefix, which is prepended to each metric key, separated by a dot (`<prefix>.<namespace>.<name>`).
```

#### Default Dimensions

The `setDefaultDimensions` method can be used to optionally specify a list of key/value pairs (`Label`s), which will be added as additional dimensions to all data points.

> Dimension keys are unique and will be de-duplicated, and only one dimension value per key will be sent to the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dimension keys are unique and will be de-duplicated, and only one dimension value per key will be sent to the server.
Dimensions set on instruments will overwrite default dimensions.
```

#### Export OneAgent Metadata

> Can be set by adding `setEnrichWithOneAgentMetaData`. If running on a host with a running OneAgent, setting this option will export metadata collected by the OneAgent to the Dynatrace endpoint.

Reviewer 2: >Can be set by adding `setEnrichWithOneAgentMetaData`.

This isn't a sentence and I'm not really sure what it means. Is this a configuration property that needs to be set true or false or a function that needs to be called? What is the default?

Author: updated it to be more clear

The scope required for sending metrics is the `Ingest metrics` scope in the **API v2** section:

![API token creation](docs/img/api_token.png)

#### Metric Key Prefix

> The `setPrefix` function of the builder specifies an optional prefix, which is prepended metric key, separated by a dot (`<prefix>.<namespace>.<name>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `setPrefix` method of the builder specifies an optional prefix, which is prepended to each metric key, separated by a dot (`<prefix>.<namespace>.<name>`).
```

> When running `DynatraceMetricExporter.getDefault()`, the prefix will be set to `otel.java`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
It would be surprising to users if their metric name would change per default.

#### Default Dimensions

> The `setDefaultDimensions` parameter can be used to optionally specify a list of key/value pairs (`Label`s), which will be added as additional dimensions to all data points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `setDefaultDimensions` method can be used to optionally specify a list of key/value pairs (`Label`s), which will be added as additional dimensions to all data points.
```

> Dimension keys are unique will be de-duplicated, and only one dimension value per key will be sent to the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dimension keys are unique and will be de-duplicated, and only one dimension value per key will be sent to the server.
Dimensions set on instruments will overwrite default dimensions.
```

#### Export OneAgent Metadata

Can be set by adding `setEnrichWithOneAgentMetaData`. If running on a host with a running OneAgent, setting this option will export metadata collected by the OneAgent to the Dynatrace endpoint.
If no Dynatrace API endpoint is set, the default exporter endpoint will be the OneAgent endpoint, and this option will be set automatically.

> Therefore, if no endpoint is specified, we assume a OneAgent is running and export to it, including metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, if no endpoint is specified, a OneAgent is assumed to be running and exported to, including metadata.
```
